aren't really where the little of the
house in London when they were tearing
out bombs in London attempted the first
was towed before was defused the second
one was deeply is when a guy leans in
and when holtoner phone and then they
attempted to attack Glasgow Airport and
couldn't get up enough speed because the
car to keep going through roundabouts
seriously who is planning that now of
the time attack yeah but come on y'all
she's way to be just a couple of us
waiting to kick going over off I can
never get this right then he gets all
funny on the way off who attacks Glasgow
one of the suicide bombers was rugby
tackled how tough do you have to be to
watch your car plowing or building on
fire a guy gets out in flames runs
across a turn and when you go fucking
watch this
my favorite but this sums up why Fazio
and in fact Scotland in general should
never be a terrorist target there was a
guy being each of your one eyewitness
was interviewed on the news after that
having Glasgow Airport and I he said the
word bleep instead of a swear word but
I'm going to edit in this where were the
thing to a point this always is it the
Carter came into the airport the gay
fellow that is the law that owned on the
ground unfair I turn to the police
officer next to me I said should we help
him he said no let the fucker
oh shit
it was awfully my English guide who is
there because the thing is when you see
something like that how do you related
it well what point of reference do you
have to which you can compare it this
English guide I'm not making this up so
I mean it was amazing I mean this this
man was staggering around from the
airport I mean he he was on fire
there was smoke coming from him his
clothes were hanging off in his skin was
charged I mean he was like and alone he
was up it was like a Michael Jackson
Thriller video
what was it I was two days after that I
was in London I was on a tube and like
there was there was a scary alert on the
tube so after they've been three
attempted car bombings in Britain over
the weekend Monday morning ten o'clock
of the tube all of a sudden the tube
stops and we just everyone the tutor
Center ladies gentlemen this tube has
stopped for a moment this is because of
three separate security incidents on the
line is to will not be moving from these
ten minutes that was Australia and there
have been three attempted car bombs and
then something you find out there are
separate securities and it's on the two
people be sitting on the to go what's
going on she's going up you serve on the
drink I don't that's right ladies and
gentlemen there been three separate
security incidences train will not be
moving from these ten minutes everyone
just put their babies down that is the
only city in the world that it tends to
fight the war on terror
using boredom